welcome to my star you can be facetious
but not know what it means the station's
means that you think your father is the
most brilliant father ever oh yes
you think your father's most brilliant
father ever right and in what world are
you living in a world where my son is
good and well behaved it doesn't be
difficult doesn't cause me grief
and doesn't lie to me about my jacket
cheeky King and jiggin that's from Two
and a Half Men I won't have Gary Sinise
you know physical keys
really slow I thought that this had to
be done so fast and it wasn't dry my
lunch then I could have been sitting
over in the chair yeah but then you
wouldn't been here ready to film these
high quality videos
okay
they accept it well what's the rubber
glove
I don't know we have eight minutes where
yup
up
they further upside down
okay now basically what we're going to
do is lined up so you put the one side
on okay welcome fingers like this air
hold your fingers like this
you lack
and drop
yupper together
alright no more pain don't continue to
be a pain and then you put the shirt
back on
yeah
what did you do you know we are you're
the responsible one around here maybe if
it goes wrong is yours
you're responsible okay now we've got a
truck Aaron we got to turn the tank over
why steal that cell phone inside okay
but make sure you don't take the bottom
off so tilt it
keep pressure on it turn it over
Aaron you should have cleaned the top
out of it you always got to chill down
yes Aaron shoulda did so many things
you know do it why do I have to do it
cuz I'm busy catching you're busy
catching
for
things that we do under Lord
we yell as the boy that's a lot of fun
boy hollering Shana likes to wear her
fingers in with their manager why she
likes the feeling she's really nervous
about it
so like so backed out and then still do
right then to back out so screaming he's
afraid go get her
okay I won't all your friends do well
yeah you are afraid of finish my step
that is correct
oh wow this crate
pretty big blue crater oh she's pretty
we only saw the pretty one
he's trying to get with this
we're going to get one pretty well
and there's how you put the bottom onto
a fish tank and it's what lessons
recorded in there
okay that's it goodbye